
This [video](https://youtu.be/GwzxjBAhy_4?list=PLNKd01MEkVeKf74MdK5cUzgQKiiTyarkG)
shows how to work with data structures in Eclipse Dirigible. It demonstrates how to create a database table and gives an example. Its target viewers are new dirigible users who are competent and qualified, know what they want to do but don't know how to do it, using Eclipse Dirigible.


## How to work with data structures in Eclipse Dirigible.

1. Open **Eclipse Dirigible.**
2. In the **Workspace Explorer**, right-click and choose **New -> Project**.
3. An additional window will open. Enter the **Project Name**, choose **Blank application** for project template and then click **Finish**.
4. In the **Workspace Explorer**, your project name will appear. Right-click on it an choose **New -> Data Structure**.

	_Here you can create **tables**, **views** and **add sample data**._

	### To create a new table:
	Select for template - **Relational Database Table** and start creating your table. When you are finished enter a **Name** for the file and click **Finish**.

	### To add sample data in the table:
	Select for a template - **Delimiter Separated Values Sample data**. In the list that appears, click on the table you created and in the file that is created write the sample data.

	### To write SQL queries:
    Go to **other...** located on the top of the screen. There you can open a **Database Perspective**. Once you clicked on it a SQL console will appear on in the bottom of the window and you can start writing your SQL queries. To execute a query click **>>Query**.

	### To Publish your project:
    Once you are ready and want to publish your changes, right-click on the **Project Name** and click publish.


### What is Cloud computing

#### **Definition 1:**
  Cloud computing, often referred to as simply “the cloud,” is the delivery of on-demand computing resources—everything from applications to data centers—over the internet on a pay-for-use basis.

#### **Definition 2:**
  Cloud computing means storing and accessing data and programs over the Internet instead of your computer's hard drive.

#### **New Definition:**
  Cloud computing is a general term for the delivery of hosted services over the internet. It's basically computing in all its forms as a service over the internet.
